README.adoc, before:

= PARTNER RESOURCES
mmehra@cloudera.com
v1.0, May 31, 2024:
:toc:

:doctype: book
:reproducible:
:source-highlighter: rouge
:listing-caption: Listing
:pdf-page-size: Letter
:page-layout: docs
:description: Cloudera Partner Handbook
:imagesdir: ./images
:icons: font
ifdef::env-github[]
:tip-caption: :bulb:
:note-caption: :information_source:
:important-caption: :heavy_exclamation_mark:
:caution-caption: :fire:
:warning-caption: :warning:
endif::[]


image::image1.png[width=287,height=35]

== Become A Cloudera Partner
https://www.cloudera.com/partners/membership-application.html[Join Cloudera Connect]

TIP: Already a Partner , register yourself using your Corporate Email Address https://sso.cloudera.com/register.html[here]

https://cloudera-portal.force.com/clouderapartners[Accessing the Partner Portal]

== Partner Developer License Program

Selected partners can get access to Cloudera Product License at no cost. To request your Cloudera Partner Developer License, please complete the license request form https://cloudera.my.site.com/clouderapartners/s/developer-license-request[here].

TIP: If you need access to multiple Cloudera products, raise a separate request for each product you want access to.

CAUTION: This license must not be used for any customer-related work and it cannot hold any customer data, among other things. Full Terms and Conditions https://www.cloudera.com/partners/partner-terms-conditions/partner-development-subscription-agreement.html[here].


== Sales and Technical Accreditations

The Cloudera Partner Portal gives you access to Sales and Technical Accreditation. All technical accreditations are Industry acknowledged *Credly* badged.

=== Sales Accreditation Program

The Cloudera Sales Professional (CSP) Accreditation validates your general knowledge and understanding of the Cloudera Data Platform to include, 

    * Positioning the Hybrid Data Cloud,
    * Cloudera Data Platform deployment capabilities, personas, function, and competitive advantage
    * Cloudera Data Services, personas, function, value and competitive advantage
    * How Cloudera stacks against the competition.

CSP Audience:

The target audience plays a sales, marketing, business development and/or management role at Cloudera Resellers, Technology Partners, Alliances, SIs, GSIs, ISVs etc.. 

Course material is appropriate for those with limited technical knowledge.  Coursework focuses on technology fundamentals, key personas, value messaging and competitive intelligence.

The CSP Accreditation is not intended for technical sellers (pre-sales engineers), data practitioners, platform administrators, architects nor alike.

https://clouderapartneracademy.learnupon.com/catalog/learning-paths/79347[Take up the CSP]

=== Technical Accreditation Program

* *CTP* - Cloudera Technical Professional

The first level of the accreditation lays the foundation for your journey, providing you with a comprehensive overview of Cloudera's data management and analytics technologies. You will gain a solid understanding of the core concepts, architecture, and best practices, along with hands-on experience through practical exercises and use cases. This level is designed to give you a strong foothold in Cloudera's platform.

https://clouderapartneracademy.learnupon.com/catalog/learning-paths/79363[Take up the CTP]

* *CTS* - Cloudera Technical Specialist

Building on the foundational knowledge, the second level covers advanced topics and use cases. You will dive deeper into Cloudera's technologies, exploring advanced data processing, data warehousing, data engineering, and machine learning capabilities. This level is designed to expand your skill set and provide you with the expertise to tackle complex data challenges and drive innovation in your organizations.

https://clouderapartneracademy.learnupon.com/catalog/learning-paths/79362[Take up the CTS]

* *CTE* - Cloudera Technical Expert

This level will equip you with the domain-specific knowledge and expertise needed to deliver tailored solutions and address the unique data challenges of your industry. You will explore how Cloudera's technologies are applied in various industries, such as finance, healthcare, retail, telecommunications, and more. 

https://clouderapartneracademy.learnupon.com/catalog/learning-paths/79360[Take up the CTE]

[cols="^,^,^"]
|===
| CTP | CTS | CTE

| Just Enough Tech | INTRODUCING CLOUDERA on cloud ADMINISTRATION | ENABLING GENERATIVE AI FOR THE ENTERPRISE

| Cloudera Data Platform Technical Overview | CLOUDERA DATA SERVICES, A CDW, CDE and CDF DEEP-DIVE | SDX - ADVANCED CONCEPTS IN ENTERPRISE-GRADE SECURITY

| Modern Data Architectures | INTRODUCTION TO UNIVERSAL DATA DISTRIBUTION WITH CLOUDERA DATA FLOW | BUILDING A MODERN DATA LAKEHOUSE WITH APACHE ICEBERG IN Cloudera

| Cloudera Hybrid Data Services | INTRODUCTION TO CLOUDERA AI | SIZING, LICENSING AND PRICING A CLOUDERA SOLUTION

| Cloudera Data Services Online Guided Tour | CLOUDERA OPERATIONAL DATABASE FUNDAMENTALS | APACHE OZONE, THE MODERN BIG DATA OBJECT STORE

| | SHARED DATA EXPERIENCE (SDX) | ADVANCED CONCEPTS IN APACHE OZONE, THE MODERN BIG DATA OBJECT STORE

| | CLOUDERA PRICING & LICENSING | SIMPLIFY SOLUTIONING AND BUILD REFERENCE ARCHITECTURES WITH CLOUDERA BLUEPRINTS

| | | Cloudera on cloud ARCHITECTURE AND ONBOARDING

| | | INTRODUCING CLOUDERA OBSERVABILITY FOR TECHNICAL AUDIENCES
|===

== Cloudera Data Platform Deployment 

=== Cloudera on cloud

* *AWS*

. https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-public-cloud/cloud/aws-quickstart/topics/mc-aws-quickstart.html#mc-aws-quickstart[AWS Quickstart (Deprecated)]

. https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-public-cloud/cloud/getting-started/topics/cdp-deploy_cdp_using_terraform.html[Deploy Cloudera using Terraform]

. link:../ClouderaSetup/OnCloud/AWS/[Deploy Cloudera using **AutoClouderaDeploy** Automation]

* *AZURE*

. https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-public-cloud/cloud/azure-quickstart/topics/mc-azure-quickstart.html#mc-azure-quickstart[Azure Quickstart (Deprecated)]

. https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-public-cloud/cloud/getting-started/topics/cdp-deploy_cdp_using_terraform.html[Deploy Cloudera using Terraform]

* *GCP*

. https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-public-cloud/cloud/gcp-quickstart/topics/mc-gcp-quickstart.html#mc-gcp-quickstart[GCP Quickstart]

=== Cloudera on premises

. https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-private-cloud-base/7.1.9/installation/topics/cdpdc-installation.html[Cloudera on premises Base Installation Guide]

. https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-private-cloud-data-services/1.5.3/installation-ecs/topics/cdppvc-requirements-ecs.html[Cloudera on premises Data Services Guide]

== Live On-Demand Sessions 

TBD !!! - Calendar

== Resources

* https://www.cloudera.com/about/customers.html[Customer Success Stories]
* https://www.cloudera.com/solutions/gallery.html[Solutions Gallery]
* https://www.cloudera.com/partners/partner-reference-architectures.html[Partner Reference Architectures]

=== Blogs

- https://blog.cloudera.com/cloudera-dataflow-designer-the-key-to-agile-data-pipeline-development/[Introducing Cloudera DataFlow Designer]
- https://blog.cloudera.com/introducing-cloudera-data-engineering-in-cdp-private-cloud-1-3/[Make the leap to Hybrid with Cloudera Data Engineering]
- https://blog.cloudera.com/apache-ozone-a-high-performance-object-store-for-cdp-private-cloud/[Apache Ozone – A High-Performance Object Store for Cloudera on premises]
- https://blog.cloudera.com/choosing-your-upgrade-or-migration-path-to-cloudera-data-platform/[Choosing Your Upgrade or Migration Path to Cloudera Data Platform]
- https://blog.cloudera.com/migrate-to-cdp-private-cloud-base-a-step-by-step-guide/[Upgrade to Cloudera on premises Base – A Step by Step Guide]
- https://docs.cloudera.com/upgrade-companion/cdp_upgrade.html[Upgrade Companion]
- https://blog.cloudera.com/a-reference-architecture-for-the-cloudera-private-cloud-base-data-platform/[A Reference Architecture for the Cloudera on premises Base Data Platform]
- https://blog.cloudera.com/5-reasons-to-use-apache-iceberg-on-cloudera-data-platform-cdp/[5 Reasons to Use Apache Iceberg on cloudera Data Platform]
- https://blog.cloudera.com/streaming-ingestion-for-apache-iceberg-with-cloudera-stream-processing/[Streaming Ingestion for Apache Iceberg With Cloudera Stream Processing]
- https://blog.cloudera.com/moving-enterprise-data-from-anywhere-to-any-system-made-easy/[The Need for a Universal Data Distribution Service]

== Reach Out To Us

[cols="2", options="header"]
|===
| Name | Region
| mailto:czorzin@cloudera.com[Carlos Zorzin] | APAC
| mailto:dipti.dash@cloudera.com[Dipti Dash] | META
| mailto:gabriele.folchi@cloudera.com[Gabriele Folchi] | SEMEA
| mailto:mmehra@cloudera.com[Manick Mehra] | APAC
| mailto:venky@cloudera.com[Venky Sellappa] | EMEA / APAC
| mailto:ksahu@cloudera.com[Kuldeep Sahu] | APAC
| mailto:aktiwari@cloudera.com[Avanis Tiwari] | APAC
| mailto:sbalachandar@cloudera.com[Shreshta Balachandar] | AMER
| mailto:ygulati@cloudera.com[Yash Gulati] | APAC
|===

Commit message:

Updated the new accreditation links and courses

README.adoc, after:

= PARTNER RESOURCES
mmehra@cloudera.com
v1.0, May 31, 2024:
:toc:

:doctype: book
:reproducible:
:source-highlighter: rouge
:listing-caption: Listing
:pdf-page-size: Letter
:page-layout: docs
:description: Cloudera Partner Handbook
:imagesdir: ./images
:icons: font
ifdef::env-github[]
:tip-caption: :bulb:
:note-caption: :information_source:
:important-caption: :heavy_exclamation_mark:
:caution-caption: :fire:
:warning-caption: :warning:
endif::[]


image::image1.png[width=287,height=35]

== Become A Cloudera Partner
https://www.cloudera.com/partners/membership-application.html[Join Cloudera Connect]

TIP: Already a Partner , register yourself using your Corporate Email Address https://sso.cloudera.com/register.html[here]

https://cloudera-portal.force.com/clouderapartners[Accessing the Partner Portal]

== Partner Developer License Program

Selected partners can get access to Cloudera Product License at no cost. To request your Cloudera Partner Developer License, please complete the license request form https://cloudera.my.site.com/clouderapartners/s/developer-license-request[here].

TIP: If you need access to multiple Cloudera products, raise a separate request for each product you want access to.

CAUTION: This license must not be used for any customer-related work and it cannot hold any customer data, among other things. Full Terms and Conditions https://www.cloudera.com/partners/partner-terms-conditions/partner-development-subscription-agreement.html[here].


== Sales and Technical Accreditations

The Cloudera Partner Portal gives you access to Sales and Technical Accreditation. All technical accreditations are Industry acknowledged *Credly* badged.

=== Sales Accreditation Program

The Cloudera Sales Professional (CSP) Accreditation validates your general knowledge and understanding of the Cloudera Data Platform to include, 

    * Positioning the Hybrid Data Cloud,
    * Cloudera Data Platform deployment capabilities, personas, function, and competitive advantage
    * Cloudera Data Services, personas, function, value and competitive advantage
    * How Cloudera stacks against the competition.

CSP Audience:

The target audience plays a sales, marketing, business development and/or management role at Cloudera Resellers, Technology Partners, Alliances, SIs, GSIs, ISVs etc.. 

Course material is appropriate for those with limited technical knowledge.  Coursework focuses on technology fundamentals, key personas, value messaging and competitive intelligence.

The CSP Accreditation is not intended for technical sellers (pre-sales engineers), data practitioners, platform administrators, architects nor alike.

https://clouderapartneracademy.learnupon.com/catalog/learning-paths/79347[Take up the CSP]

=== Technical Accreditation Program

* *CTP* - Cloudera Technical Professional

The first level of the accreditation lays the foundation for your journey, providing you with a comprehensive overview of Cloudera's data management and analytics technologies. You will gain a solid understanding of the core concepts, architecture, and best practices, along with hands-on experience through practical exercises and use cases. This level is designed to give you a strong foothold in Cloudera's platform.

https://clouderapartneracademy.learnupon.com/content-details/91450/1[Take up the CTP]

* *CTS* - Cloudera Technical Specialist

Building on the foundational knowledge, the second level covers advanced topics and use cases. You will dive deeper into Cloudera's technologies, exploring advanced data processing, data warehousing, data engineering, and machine learning capabilities. This level is designed to expand your skill set and provide you with the expertise to tackle complex data challenges and drive innovation in your organizations.

https://clouderapartneracademy.learnupon.com/content-details/91157/1[Take up the CTS]

* *CTE* - Cloudera Technical Expert

This level will equip you with the domain-specific knowledge and expertise needed to deliver tailored solutions and address the unique data challenges of your industry. You will explore how Cloudera's technologies are applied in various industries, such as finance, healthcare, retail, telecommunications, and more.

https://clouderapartneracademy.learnupon.com/content-details/91632/1[Take up the CTE]

* *CAITP* - CLOUDERA AI TECHNICAL PROFESSIONAL ACCREDITATION

This accreditation is designed for partner pre-sales and technical experts looking to deepen their understanding of building and operationalizing AI with Cloudera. It covers AI fundamentals, customer discovery, and Cloudera’s end-to-end AI platform, along with hands-on tools like AI Studios and AMPs. By the end of this path, you’ll be equipped to design and deliver scalable, real-world AI solutions across industries.

https://clouderapartneracademy.learnupon.com/content-details/89672/1[Take up the CAITP]

[cols="^,^,^,^"]
|===
| CTP | CTS | CTE | CAITP

| WELCOME TO THE CLOUDERA TECHNICAL PROFESSIONAL | APACHE OZONE FUNDAMENTALS | ENABLING GENERATIVE AI FOR THE ENTERPRISE | AI BASICS FOR CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENTS

| CLOUDERA TECHNICAL OVERVIEW | INTRODUCING CDP PUBLIC CLOUD ADMINISTRATION | SDX - ADVANCED CONCEPTS IN ENTERPRISE-GRADE SECURITY | CLOUDERA AI OVERVIEW

| MODERN DATA ARCHITECTURES | MODERN ANALYTICS WITH CLOUDERA DATA WAREHOUSE | BUILDING A MODERN DATA LAKEHOUSE WITH APACHE ICEBERG IN CLOUDERA | BUILD AI: INTRODUCING AI STUDIOS

| CLOUDERA DATA SERVICES 101 | MODERN PIPELINES WITH CLOUDERA DATA ENGINEERING | SIZING, LICENSING AND PRICING A CLOUDERA SOLUTION | BUILD AI: CUSTOM ACCELERATORS (AMPs) WITH CLOUDERA AI

| CLOUDERA DATA SERVICES ONLINE GUIDED TOUR | ADVANCED DATA IN MOTION WITH CLOUDERA DATAFLOW AND KUBERNETES OPERATORS | ADVANCED CONCEPTS IN APACHE OZONE | RUN AI: DEPLOY PRIVATE LLMs WITH CLOUDERA AI INFERENCE SERVICE

| INTRODUCING CLOUDERA OCTOPAI DATA LINEAGE | CLOUDERA AI: FROM ML OPS TO ENTERPRISE-GRADE AI APPLICATIONS | SIMPLIFY SOLUTIONING AND BUILD REFERENCE ARCHITECTURES WITH CLOUDERA BLUEPRINTS | 

| CLOUDERA PRICING AND LICENSING ESSENTIALS FOR PARTNERS | CLOUDERA OPERATIONAL DATABASE: DEPLOYMENT AND DESIGN BASICS | CLOUDERA ON CLOUD ARCHITECTURE AND ONBOARDING | 

|  | MASTERING THE FOUNDATIONS OF CLOUDERA SDX | INTRODUCING CLOUDERA OBSERVABILITY FOR TECHNICAL AUDIENCES | 

|  | OCTOPAI DATA LINEAGE 201 |  | 
|===

== Cloudera Data Platform Deployment 

=== Cloudera on cloud

* *AWS*

. https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-public-cloud/cloud/aws-quickstart/topics/mc-aws-quickstart.html#mc-aws-quickstart[AWS Quickstart (Deprecated)]

. https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-public-cloud/cloud/getting-started/topics/cdp-deploy_cdp_using_terraform.html[Deploy Cloudera using Terraform]

. link:../ClouderaSetup/OnCloud/AWS/[Deploy Cloudera using **AutoClouderaDeploy** Automation]

* *AZURE*

. https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-public-cloud/cloud/azure-quickstart/topics/mc-azure-quickstart.html#mc-azure-quickstart[Azure Quickstart (Deprecated)]

. https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-public-cloud/cloud/getting-started/topics/cdp-deploy_cdp_using_terraform.html[Deploy Cloudera using Terraform]

* *GCP*

. https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-public-cloud/cloud/gcp-quickstart/topics/mc-gcp-quickstart.html#mc-gcp-quickstart[GCP Quickstart]

=== Cloudera on premises

. https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-private-cloud-base/7.1.9/installation/topics/cdpdc-installation.html[Cloudera on premises Base Installation Guide]

. https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-private-cloud-data-services/1.5.3/installation-ecs/topics/cdppvc-requirements-ecs.html[Cloudera on premises Data Services Guide]

== Live On-Demand Sessions 

TBD !!! - Calendar

== Resources

* https://www.cloudera.com/about/customers.html[Customer Success Stories]
* https://www.cloudera.com/solutions/gallery.html[Solutions Gallery]
* https://www.cloudera.com/partners/partner-reference-architectures.html[Partner Reference Architectures]

=== Blogs

- https://blog.cloudera.com/cloudera-dataflow-designer-the-key-to-agile-data-pipeline-development/[Introducing Cloudera DataFlow Designer]
- https://blog.cloudera.com/introducing-cloudera-data-engineering-in-cdp-private-cloud-1-3/[Make the leap to Hybrid with Cloudera Data Engineering]
- https://blog.cloudera.com/apache-ozone-a-high-performance-object-store-for-cdp-private-cloud/[Apache Ozone – A High-Performance Object Store for Cloudera on premises]
- https://blog.cloudera.com/choosing-your-upgrade-or-migration-path-to-cloudera-data-platform/[Choosing Your Upgrade or Migration Path to Cloudera Data Platform]
- https://blog.cloudera.com/migrate-to-cdp-private-cloud-base-a-step-by-step-guide/[Upgrade to Cloudera on premises Base – A Step by Step Guide]
- https://docs.cloudera.com/upgrade-companion/cdp_upgrade.html[Upgrade Companion]
- https://blog.cloudera.com/a-reference-architecture-for-the-cloudera-private-cloud-base-data-platform/[A Reference Architecture for the Cloudera on premises Base Data Platform]
- https://blog.cloudera.com/5-reasons-to-use-apache-iceberg-on-cloudera-data-platform-cdp/[5 Reasons to Use Apache Iceberg on cloudera Data Platform]
- https://blog.cloudera.com/streaming-ingestion-for-apache-iceberg-with-cloudera-stream-processing/[Streaming Ingestion for Apache Iceberg With Cloudera Stream Processing]
- https://blog.cloudera.com/moving-enterprise-data-from-anywhere-to-any-system-made-easy/[The Need for a Universal Data Distribution Service]

== Reach Out To Us

[cols="2", options="header"]
|===
| Name | Region
| mailto:czorzin@cloudera.com[Carlos Zorzin] | APAC
| mailto:dipti.dash@cloudera.com[Dipti Dash] | META
| mailto:gabriele.folchi@cloudera.com[Gabriele Folchi] | SEMEA
| mailto:mmehra@cloudera.com[Manick Mehra] | APAC
| mailto:venky@cloudera.com[Venky Sellappa] | EMEA / APAC
| mailto:ksahu@cloudera.com[Kuldeep Sahu] | APAC
| mailto:aktiwari@cloudera.com[Avanis Tiwari] | APAC
| mailto:sbalachandar@cloudera.com[Shreshta Balachandar] | AMER
| mailto:ygulati@cloudera.com[Yash Gulati] | APAC
|===
